the MSC magnifica is the 11th ship in
the MSC fleet she is a magnificent 294
metres long 32 metres wide and with 16
decks an incredible 59 meters high up to
three thousand and ten passengers may
each experience an unforgettable cruise
to yellow bosses the captain of the MSC
magnifica with over 30 years of marine
experience the magnificant is a ship
that is made for a special market
especially for the European market and
I'm sure that although we are and all we
have done it will be surely successfully
dive into the majestic oak air swimming
area under the retractable macro dome
don't worry about the weather and the
sliding glass roof means you can use the
pool any day enjoy a wide range of
musicals theater pieces dance
performances and acrobatics even
lectures and much much more the Royal
theater seats 1240 and ensures superior
entertainment you may choose from a
total of five different restaurants to
the ladira Quattro NT Sahara glassy and
the Oriental Plaza each promising the
finest in international dining whether
your pleasure is a la carte of the faith
allow our master chefs to spoil you with
their impressive selection the oriental
Plaza will sweep you away with its
extravagant ambience and succulent
cuisine you'll find a varied menu of
tempting Asian food take a little side
trip to the Far East the evening is set
with an almost endless source of
amusement make yourself comfy
in one of the many bars play pool dance
the night away
or how about plunging into the world of
sports and enjoying a cocktail in the
sports bar the tiger bar offers an air
of exotic and live music dance at luffy
heights in the disco t32 with a
panoramic view of the sea by night meet
your friends and the bowling alley for a
few games 1027 crew members provide a
comfortable and welcoming atmosphere on
board the MSC magnifica personable
service and the high seas for your every
desire relaxation fun sports and
wellness on board the MSC magnifica
experienced the perfect cruise